Track 09.01
Narrator: 1
A: Our father went to Los Angeles last week.
He stayed in a hotel, I think.
B: No, he didn’t stay in a hotel.
He stayed at a campsite.
Narrator: 2
A: We visited a lot of museums on holiday.
B: We didn’t visit a lot of museums.
We visited two museums! That’s not a lot!
Narrator: 3
A: How was the café?
B: I went to the office!
I didn’t go to a café!
Narrator: 4
A: They had a car on holiday in France.
B: Well, no, they didn’t have a car.
They had bikes.
Narrator: 5
A: I bought a few new clothes yesterday.
B: You didn’t buy a few new clothes!
You bought a lot of new clothes!
Narrator: 6
A: I read a lot of books last weekend.
B: You didn’t read a lot of books.
You read one book! That’s all!